You can't generate demand for a category
of product or services. You can only
position your product into a category
that is in demand and channel some of it
to your business. When people talk about
demand generation, they usually mean
generating demand for a product inside a
category that is in demand. But you
can't do that otherwise. There needs to
be needs that are there. There needs to
be humans wanting something. You need to
meet them there. Like it's a river. It's
a flow. It's a demand river. and you
need to just position your thing so that
you create a little canal that just
brings some of it uh to you. But so many
marketers, founders think that they can
influence people so much that they can
make them care about something they
don't care about. I get push back on
that a lot about, oh, what about laboo?
I don't know if you come across those
dolls. What about this? What about that?
Whatever. It always channels needs are
already there. It's also the exception
of the rule. Those things that are
impossible to replicate. You can use the
same playbook. You won't be the same.
>> [music]
>> This is exciting because I asked Louisie
to come on the pod in November and then
I booked it foolishly the same day that
I was having my my hip surgery which man
[__] this guy making me tear up. I'm
watching your talk from the marketing
meet up this morning like have my coffee
trying to get my mind right for you and
I I got to sit through your cancer story
and I'm like Jesus I was not prepared
for that.
>> Oh I'm sorry to make you feel sad. Do
you feel okay?
>> Yeah, I'm good. I should be I should be
okay. We I'll see if I can find the
strength to do this.
>> And then you have your hip surgery. Oh
my god. Po you, you know. So, so, uh,
I'm excited to have you on and, um, you
know, I love I love the I love the lens
of the the the stuff that you talk about
because I think we we share a common
fondness of the the timeless stuff in
marketing. And I think the more time
goes on, it's funny how that stuff seems
to be even more true because, you know,
we're we're deep in this AI wave right
now and everyone's telling me that
everything is going to change forever.
And then like I, you know, I watched
your stuff this morning and you wrote a
great book last year and I'm like,
"Yeah, this is the stuff." And what's
funny, man, is anytime we talk about
this stuff with uh with B2B marketers,
they're always like, "Okay, this is
great, but I want a B2B marketing
example." And I'm like, "Yeah, but we're
missing the whole point here that, you
know, anyway." So, so um um let me give
give me your uh give me your Louis give
me your introduction of your of
yourself. So, you you you worked in SAS
for years, but now you kind of do your
own thing. How do you talk about
yourself?
>> It depends on who I'm talking to. But
yeah, I I I usually say I'm a dad, uh
book author, as you as you said, a
marketer, husband, a bowel cancer
survivor. I'm very proud of that one. Uh
recovering French man as well. So, it's
not easy to be in recovery, but I think
I'm
>> Why are you in recovery for that?
>> Like being French is has so much
baggage. It's hard to to see the world
for what it actually is. You know, when
you when you're raised in France, you
believe that everything about France is
the best thing in the world, the food,
the education system,
and and then you leave somewhere else
and you realize food is okay, but it's
quite greasy. And the education system
is actually quite bad and it's getting
worse. So anyway, it's just, you know,
I've been living in Ireland for 15 years
now, so I see my flaws and so I'm I'm
trying to recover. But I think something
you haven't said yet, the fact that I
sent you something to prep for this,
right? So I I would like you to open box
number one, please, for me. So I sent
you that over the post. So for anybody
that's that's listening, um if you go
over to YouTube, we I I can show you
this, but um very mysteriously, he
messaged me a couple weeks ago and said,
"Hey, you're going to get a package. Do
not open it until we record our
podcast." Which is actually a funny
there's like a funny psychological
lesson in that. It's like because you
told me not to open it. Like I wanted to
open this like five times [laughter]
>> and my kids my kids saw it. So, okay.
So, so I got I got this. I have this.
So, it's a big cardboard box with a few
packages in it that are wrapped in this
kind of gold
wrapping. And I've numbered them. Is
that number one?
>> They're not numbered.
>> They are numbered.
There's little numbers. Has to be.
>> Oh, I got you. I got you. Yeah.
So number one to start with it's it's
great content for the podcast.
[laughter]
I'm going to comment as you go. So he's
going through each package. So he's
reading the numbers and trying to find
number one. And
>> okay, I got number one. Okay. So we're
going to open number one.
You can hear the wrapping. It's a good
like ASMR for podcasting right now.
>> Yeah.
kind of smells nice.
>> Don't smell it. That's weird.
It's not a candle. Okay, I got number
one.
No, but what? Describe it. [laughter]
It looks like uh it's a little
[laughter]
a computer toy. Looks like something
you'd see in a doctor's office. Right.
Right. What is the black thing there?
What is the little tool there?
>> Is this like a endoscope?
>> It's a it's a colonoscopy.
>> Oh, it's a colonoscopy. So, this is
>> it's a Is this in fact an anus?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. All right. So, look, you know, it
wasn't it wasn't dramatically off.
You're like, "No, that's an eyeball."
>> Well, no, that's right. It was Yes.
Okay. Anyway, so that that's the first
package for you. I think it's a good
segue into like mentioning cancer uh
briefly for two reasons. One, because I
think it connects with marketing in a
weird way. And two, because I've gotten
emails, messages from folks thanking me
for talking about it openly.
>> Sure.
>> Because that was the trigger to for them
to go get checked cuz they have been
putting it off for years. And some of
them said, yeah, they found multiple
polyp that could have become cancerous
and stuff like that. So, you know,
there's it's important, I think, to talk
about that stuff. So, you have in front
of you in your hands a a mini
colonoscopy equipment. Uh,
>> can I actually I can So, right now I'm
going to give myself a colonoscopy on
the podcast. Is that is that your idea?
>> Well, yes. That's
>> No, that's crazy because you mentioned I
I have even in going to my doctor, it
was like, "Oh, you don't need to get a
colonoscopy yet. Typically, it's after
you're 40 or something like that. I'm
38." But your video I watched this
morning, you said I'm 36. So I didn't
get a colonoscopy for fun. Uh I got it
after a few symptoms which are important
to talk about. The first one was a blood
in my stool within the end like towards
a few weeks before I I got uh I went to
my GP. And the other one was like
changes in my bowel movements which
tends to be something people forget
about or don't really notice. It's like
if you used to go three times a day and
all of a sudden you only go twice a day
uh once a day or once every week. um
then there's something going on. You
need to get checked. Yeah, it's very
unlikely to be cancer. But long story
short, went to my GP. She prescribed a
emergency colonoscopy. Within 2 minutes
of said coloscopy, I could see on the
screen a bleeding blur thingy blob and I
knew it was bad and yes, it was cancer.
And the guy said at the end, I'm so sure
it's cancer. we're gonna order a biopsy
and even if it comes back as not cancer,
I I'm going to ask another one because
it's cancer. Um, so that was weird,
right? But I was in November of was a
year and a half ago.
>> Wait, and you you just went in you just
went in to see your your doctor to be
like, "Hey, this thing this weird thing
is happening." They were able to do a
colonoscopy like right there. They said,
"Let's just go right now."
>> No. So, they prescribed I I I had to go
to the hospital. Uh, I mean, now that
we're sharing secrets or or or sensitive
stuff, she she did check in there, but
with her finger, noticed that there was
still blood and was like, "Okay, this is
this is a big deal. The fact that you're
still bleeding and it's not coming from
hemorrhoids." And so therefore, I
prescribe a emergency colonoscopy and
you'll get a call from the hospital in
the next couple of days. So, um, kudos
to the Irish Health System, by the way,
which was [__] fantastic from start
to finish. Um, so yeah, Konoscopy pretty
much two or three weeks after. Um, so
this is not uh an entire episode about
cancer, although you know, I could talk
about it. Uh, but I guess the the the
the story and how it connects back to
what you said earlier, the timeless
principles in marketing and and standing
out and whatnot is that in those hard
moments of, you know, having the
diagnosis, knowing that I had to go
through surgery, uh, not knowing whether
I needed a sto bag after, I still felt
in control and at peace because I was in
the right place, uh, surrounded by the
right people and I didn't want to change
anything about my life, you know, I I
didn't have this realization from like
Hollywood mo moment of I must travel and
I must do all of this stuff. I didn't,
right? And I think this calmness and
tranquility
um is something we can really emulate in
the marketing world like whatever
happens, you know, what foundations we
have that we can lean on even if the
[__] hit the fan. And
that's why you open package number one,
right? I think this way.
>> Well, it's also just a great uh it's a
great story. Obviously, you're you're
through the other side now, but like I
find myself this morning, I was
listening I was watching your your talk
and I'm like this guy hasn't mentioned
marketing yet, but I'm 5 minutes in
because you you it's a lesson in a hook.
Like unfortunately, the hook is the hook
is cancer. Like once I got it once I got
cancelled, I was like, "Oh my god, this
is going to make such a great speech. I
cannot wait." 10 10 lessons I learned
about B2B marketing from surviving
cancer.
>> Well, that's pretty much it, isn't it?
>> So, yeah. I mean, to to to close the
loop, surgery involved cutting the
portion of my colon that had uh the
tumor. Um, thankfully, it was wasn't too
close to my rectum because then it could
have been uh meaning a sto bag. And
I was on my feet two or three days after
and now I'm fully cured. I have no
cancer left. I had my second colonoscopy
after surgery uh a few weeks ago and
it's all clear and all clean. So yeah,
go get checked. Good, good, good lesson.
P PSA, we'll take that. This is Look, we
we've learned so what's funny is like
people listen to our stuff for all the
marketing stuff, but 50% of it now is
because of like we're we're h like the
human connection, hanging out, talking
you trading stories. And so this is
that's a good example for one we will we
will feel, you know, it's a good good
opportunity to put the PSA out there.
And uh yeah, you know, honestly, I can't
wait till my kids get home from school
today so we can play with the mini
colonoscopy machine that we have now.
>> I hope Do you have pets?
>> Uh yeah, we have two cats and a dog, so
anybody could get it. Anybody could be
up for a colonoscopy today.
>> All right. Should I open box number two?
Um, while by the way, while while I
while I do that, I'm just curious like
did you have any after that experience,
did you have like a come to Jesus moment
or like question everything in your life
and you got kids and what am I doing? I
I see you back and you're like you still
got a passion for for marketing, for
your work. I'm just wondering like if
you know if that is if that changed
anything at all.
>> That's what I was saying earlier. It's
like nothing changed. It just confirmed
that I was in the right place doing the
right thing. If anything, I'm I'm I'm
I'm being more intense about my
dayto-day, but I haven't changed
anything about it, which was such a
great thing knowing that even in those
very hard moments, I I I wouldn't want
to be anywhere else, you know.
>> What did you change? What have you
changed about your day today? Do you say
more intense or more like intense?
>> Yeah, like I I'm trying to have even
more fun,
>> but it's hard. How old are your kids?
on. Uh I have one daughter and she's
four. She's four. Yeah.
All right. So Dave is opening
package number two.
>> Package number two.
>> And clearly couldn't wait. So what's the
t-shirt? So you're holding a t-shirt.
What does it say?
>> I'm holding a t-shirt that says worst
piñata ever. And it's a picture of the
Trojan horse from 1114 BC. I love how
random it is. How like there's no
connection between the two. And yeah,
there is. Uh, so the story about this is
I wanted to make a point about Trojan
horse, which is one of the first kind of
marketing concept timeless stuff I
wanted to talk about today. Uh, I
couldn't find any good ones. I wanted to
get you a little sculpture of a Trojan
horse. I couldn't find one. So, and then
I saw this joke like this t-shirt. I
think it was pretty funny. I was like,
"Okay, I'm going to get that instead."
So, so why Trojan horse? Um, it's one of
the thing that people struggle with the
most when they're passionate about
whatever they're selling. I don't know
what you if you found the same thing,
uh, Dave, but it's like they are so in
love with their idea or what they're
doing, what they're selling that they
forget to meet people where they are at.
and they try so hard to educate people
about their way of thinking to educate
the market to to do this while instead
of just taking their point of view and
starting from there. So that's kind of
the concept of Trojan horse but I'll
stop here. Can you explain the joke? I'm
not I'm not my history is not that good.
So why why was the tro why was it a
piñata? I know the Trojan horse story
but did they like
>> what's a piñata?
>> A piñata is like you you stuff you stuff
a horse you know full of candy and you
smash it open and the kids go get the
candy.
>> Right. So here the Trojan horse is like
the joke is that it's a giant piñata
because it's stuffed with soldiers. So
it's the worst piata ever because it
goes into the city of Troy and kills
everyone.
>> Oh like the the city of Troy was like,
"Wow, check out this piñata we got." And
then instead of like, you know, Jolly
Ranchers in there, it's soldiers that
are going to kill you.
>> Exactly. So the worst piñata.
>> I'm going to wear that. I'm wearing that
shirt to the gym. Oh, that's for sure.
I'm going to wash it.
>> Well, and then you'll be like, "Oh, do
you get the joke? Do I need to explain
it to you?" They have a huge tro I'm a
[laughter] huge Trojan horse guy.
No. So you Yeah. you mentioned something
that I I we we talk about this a lot now
with uh with our team and one of the
most one of the one of the fun parts
about Exit 5 now is like over the last
couple years it's more from my my solo
business to now we have a team of seven
people and it's super fun because I feel
like I get to like do marketing again
and I'm you know involved in strategy
and you know we're sending out emails
and we're running ads and we're trying
to get people to go to webinars and and
that's fun. It doesn't matter to me what
the topic is. this like that's the fun
activity and we talk about this all the
time now which is like I sent an email I
I took a screenshot of something we sent
out the other day and I sent it to our
team I said hey honest question like if
you got this in your inbox like what
would you do and it was like oh right to
spam like this is a terrible email and I
don't know where I got this I think it
might have probably from the the the
drift days like David and Elias who are
the founders over there were very into
like don't study B2B focus on consumer
just like use your own brain and see
things in your personal life that you
react to and like take note of what
catches your attention. And so I've
always tried to like have that as a
first principle. And we talk a lot about
like we love webinars. Webinars work
amazingly well for us. Other companies,
some people say, "Oh, web, no one goes
to a webinar anymore." I'm like, if you
actually break it down, Louie, what's
different between a webinar and like
watching a YouTube video or listening to
a podcast? It's it's all the same. And
how you get someone there is like what
comes down to it's what's in it for me.
Why am I actually going to spend an hour
out of my day hanging out with you? And
everything has to start there. Let's
work backwards from like let's assume
let's assume everybody hates marketing.
Let's assume everybody hates sales.
Let's assume nobody wants to be marketed
to or sold to. Let's assume that I like
you have a thousand emails in my inbox.
Let's assume that yes, I've only been
recording with you for 21 minutes and I
already have three missed calls on my
phone, right? Like nobody needs more
information. And so quite literally the
name of your book, right, is like stand
the [__] out. That is like the first
principle that I think about more than
anything else right now. And for some
reason, I want to rant the other day
about this, but there's a there's a
whole crowd of people like who are in
the marketing sphere that it's I call
them like the they're like the holier
than thou crowd, which is like, you
know, you shouldn't do things to get
attention. And marketing is about isn't
about I'm like, it absolutely is a game
of attention because you quite literally
have to get people to pay attention to
care so then you can earn the right to
tell them about your product later. And
so I I love that framing of like the
Trojan horse is like I want to get your
attention first and then I can then I
can tell you about the thing that I want
to sell you later. It also goes one
level deeper which is
first you need to give people what they
think they need, right? And then you
give them what they actually need. And
it's it like there's a lot to be said
about positioning in services or
products. I talk to a lot of folks in
the marketing space offering services
and they are so hellbent into I I do
strategy. I don't do tactics. I sell
strategy to clients but they don't buy
strategy. They they don't want they want
Facebook ads, right? And they burn out
within two or three years because they
work they try so hard to educate people
about it, right? And to say no, no, no,
no, no, don't forget about Facebook ads.
You must do strategy first. You must put
a strategy together. And I'm like, "No,
the treasure horse principle tells you,
no, you first meet them where they're
at. If they all want to to do Facebook
ads and you like working with them, then
guess what? Your Facebook ad agency to
start with or at least you offer
services like that and then slowly you
bring them to where you want them to
be."
>> Oh, I love that.
>> I've done that mistake before, right? So
there there's like this this is um back
back at drift like when we started the
started the marketing of the product it
was basically like
>> the we came up with a wedge which is
like we eventually want to sell this to
everyone but we know right now we need
to it's a chat it's a chatbot that goes
in your website and the limiting factor
is going to be that not everyone in the
company has access to the website like
who can actually install the code on the
website. Did you work at Hot Jar back in
the day? Is that where I feel like I
Okay. Like if you want to get Hot Jar on
your website, you have to install the
code. And so therefore, you have to sell
to the person who can do that. And so
even though we didn't think the product
marketing role was our long-term buyer,
we're like, "Oh, they have influence and
access to the website. So let's kind of
like the Trojan horse is like like go
through product marketing." But you
mentioned HAR. There was an example uh
HAR. The majority of users came because
of heat maps. We offered way more than
that. There was website recording. There
was survey. But guess what? heat maps
was the was the feature. So instead of
like fighting hard about oh you know
it's all in one there's more to that we
actually created a lot of content around
heat maps and be like ranked number one
for so many of them that fun so many
users. So it's have like letting go of
your of your darlings and your ego.
You're not god as a marketer right? We
are no god. You can't change people
mind. You can't generate demand. That's
another thing. You can't make people
believe something they don't believe.
You can only meet them where they at.
And if you're lucky, move them slightly
towards you. But like that's it. On that
point, I want to come back to your your
thing about gener generating demand, but
on that point about the the heat maps at
Hot Jar thing, like that's a perfect
example of this happens all the time in
companies. It's like, no, no, we have 10
things. We we have 10 features. We want
them to know about all the features.
It's like, well, can we get them to know
about one and then can we expand there?
And I think this is where a lot of
marketers that are listening to this are
probably like in their cars or wherever
nodding along right now because the
challenge is that like leadership
there's you know someone in sales or
someone in this department or someone in
this department is they they want to
talk about the whole thing and it's like
our job as marketers is to help the
company internally to show them like hey
we're not going to have the opport we
need to get the right to tell them about
the whole thing and to tell them all of
the things that Hot Jar could do but
let's first get them we have this great
feature that's heatmap let's get them to
get addicted to that, get using that,
get value from that, then we can be
like, "Hey, you know us, you like us,
you trust us, we we have this thing that
you that you use." We actually have
other things that we we can tell you
about. But I think it's this we want to
try to do it all at once. When I think
my my favorite copy lighting my my
favorite copywriting lesson is just this
concept of like first line, second line,
like what's the goal of the first line
of copy? The goal of the first line of
copy is to read the second line. And I
think that's true about marketing in
general, right? like let's get you to
use heat map so we can get you to use
this thing so we can get you to use this
thing.
>> Let's go back to your let's go back to
your thing about you can't you are not
God. You can't generate you can't
generate demand. Explain that.
>> So you can't generate demand for a
category of product or services. You can
only position your product into a
category that is in demand and channel
some of it to your business. When people
talk about demand generation, they
usually mean generating demand for a
product inside a category that is in
demand. But you can't do that otherwise.
There needs to be needs that are there.
There needs to be humans wanting
something and you need to meet them
there. You need to like it's a river,
right? It's a flow. It's a demand river
and you need to just position your thing
so that you create a little canal that
just brings some of it uh to you. But so
many marketers, founders think that they
can influence people so much that they
can make them care about something they
don't care about. And I get push back on
that a lot about, oh, what about labus?
I don't know if you come across those
dolls. What about this, what about that,
whatever. And it always channels needs
are already there. And it's also the
exception of the rule. Those things that
are impossible to replicate, you can use
the same playbook, you won't be the
same. So I'm being very pedantic about
the word.
>> No, I look dude also I think I think
like so many people that listen to this
I think one of the
one of the challenges that I had with
like I I believe in the concept of say
um category creation. However,
>> you use the past tense.
>> Uh no I think I think I believe believe
>> okay believe
>> you still believe in it. I still believe
in it but it it require it almost became
everybody took the message in the wrong
way which is like every single product
ever created we need to create and
invent a new category for it's like
>> yes
>> I I don't agree with that because you
could have you could totally have a what
if your ambitions was to just create
like a nice little bootstrap SAS product
and it's just another Yep. It's a it's
another landing page tool and it's like
a little bit cheaper and it works and
people are happy and like that's the
business you want to run.
that can that can that can be okay. You
don't you can also you can also go after
a whole company by basically just like
eating up a share of their market by
saying like yeah you know uh HubSpot has
now become this like massive all-in-one
platform. They have all these features.
We're just going to do one thing really
well.
And [sighs] hold on, I'll let you I'll
let you I'll let you go. I'll [laughter]
let you I'll let you share your your
thing in a second.
>> [clears throat]
>> where I think like where it does apply
like yes was creating the iPhone and the
iPad a new category of device like you
you can you can make more of a
connection there. I just think like the
average person listening to this and the
a the they're working at they're working
at a company they're their boss is the
founder CEO they're the visionary like
the the next little like martekch point
solution it's very hard to like come up
with some big category defining
narrative for that I guess that's where
I come from so mo most cases claiming to
be category creation uh cases are
actually subcategory creations uh cases
which again I'm being very pedantic here
but it's so important Because like the
air fryer, right, that Seb created, like
it's a fryer, but it's not using oil.
So, it's almost always the same. It's
like it's like that, but it's slightly
different in that way. So, you're always
leaning on something that already
exists.
>> Yeah. We said at Drift, we said it's
it's like live chat, but for sales and
network.
>> Exactly. So, like you need to lean on
something that already exists because we
are not God and therefore you can't put
thoughts into people's head. You need to
meet them where they're at. So it's it's
like that's why the first car that
didn't have a a horse attached to it was
called a horseless carriage. You get
>> the frame you're comparing it to the
carriage. But what what would you say to
like I I would quote this Oglev line all
the time which I do you believe this
then there's he said he said there are
no dull products only dull writers which
is like okay there are no there are no
boring products there's only marketers
who can't make it interesting.
>> Yeah for sure but it it it's it's it's
more about distinctiveness than
differentiation. So differentiation is
the ability to say we're the only one
that does that thing uh unlike all of
these other alternatives or direct
competitors right that position you as
the best choice the least risky choice
distinctiveness is about to be noticed
is the ability to be noticed to stick in
people's minds regardless of the
product. So if you're in demand, even if
you have hundreds of competitors, by the
way, that's a great um that's a great
proof that there is demand. Uh then you
can be super distinctive and have a lot
of fun, but you can't confuse the two
notions because they are not the same.
That's a good point about that that that
also makes the point earlier of you
can't create demand. It's actually that
you don't usually there is some form of
demand, right? There's there's tons of
competitors in the space, which is a
good sign. It means there's buyers, you
know, there's there's people in this in
this market. They've done the education
for you, right?
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Can you openage number six?
No, no, no, no. Number six.
>> Classic. That's That's good marketing
right there. We're going to interrupt.
We're going to go to number six.
>> Did you wrap all this? No. This had to
be outsourced wrapping.
>> So, we Yeah. I We asked my my uh
right-hand woman, Diana, who works with
me. We asked her best friend who still
bas in the US to order all of them to
her house and package them.
>> So,
>> that's why this smells nice.
>> Yeah. So my packet like if I had sent
them it wouldn't smell nice. Is that is
that the implication here?
>> I don't know. I don't dude I've never
I've never smelled you firsthand. So I
don't [laughter] I don't have the answer
to that.
>> My god, there's so many weird quotes
from this interview. Like is that an
anus? [laughter]
>> People will really hate me if we just
cropped this if we this would be this
would be the true test of no context.
Okay, so this this is a nice pair of um
rooster. Is this a bathing suit?
>> So, it's a bathing suit with my Roger
the Rooster distinctive brand assets on.
Right. Uh, the reason why I ask you to
open this package six is because we're
talking about distinctiveness a bit. And
one of the core fundamental principle
that I think many B2B companies in
particular get wrong is this idea that
you don't need to have to add and attach
meaning to all of your brand assets in
order to stand out. And in fact, you
should probably go after one or two
assets that are meaningfree. So I'd
explain what that means. It means like,
you know, when you taste water, it
tastes like nothing because our brain is
kind of wired to this is the average.
This is what it should taste like. This
is the the bland thing. Uh, and it's
there because if it's poison or if it's
if there's a was a dead sheep at the top
of the hill and you drink that water,
you could die. And so, you don't want to
create something that is meaningful
like, you know, all of those copyriters
that have a font pen as a logo. um
because you run the risk of
um confusing your prospect brain. You're
not the only one with a font and pen and
therefore you don't stick you don't
stick in people's brain. Um you could
use other categories like in SAS in
particular using very similar color,
very similar logos, very similar vibes.
At the minute it's like the chatbot and
the the how do you call them? you know
the coloring thing like the lovable uh
what do they what they do with the color
how do you call that the neon like
anyway so it's important to use some
assets so that you make sure that people
understand that you belong to a certain
category but you want to go completely
left field with one or two that are
meaning free
>> um so the only one
>> I don't know why I guess like I'm not
doing this with exit 5 cuz it's kind of
like already working and things are
established and maybe we could, but I
feel like if I was going to if I was
going to start a company like let's a a
SAS company today, the number one thing
I would do is in is just come up with
some insane completely not like anything
else branding. You don't want to go too
far. You want to go far enough so that
they still know that you're part of this
group, but you're not like the other
girls, right? So like I don't know if
you saw Post Hog website redesign
recently. Uh so like this product
analytics tool they redesigned their
entire website to be like an OS
experience like Windows 98. So don't
bless you their entire website is is
essentially a an OS inside the website.
It's completely different from any other
website you've ever seen. And they went
all in with it, right? Like you can open
menus, open windows inside. It's [__]
gorgeous, right? And there's this little
hedgehog as well. And I ask you, you
know, what does a hedgehog have anything
to do with product analytics? Absolutely
nothing. What does have a rooster
anything to do with uh, you know,
positioning, branding? You could say,
well, I'm French, the rooster, whatever.
But that's how far it goes. No one else
uses it. No one else will use it in my
space. And so, this is a meaningfree
brand asset. So, uh, back in the day,
talking like an old man, uh, you know,
Gong,
>> yeah,
>> they used to have this dog as their
mascot called Bruno. Bruno the bulldog.
A real dog. And they actually had
auditioned eight dogs before picking
this one. Again, what does bulldog have
to do with any anything around like
sales calls and sales? Nothing. So, this
is the my advice, my foundational kind
of first principle advice. uh you could
go after I'm just going to share briefly
the type of things you could look into
like there's the sounds stuff there's
the visual stuff like logos type face
colors there is uh mascots in particular
like characters um I would argue that
for exit 5 one thing that is highly
distinctive is you and
I think you're this is what makes it
work as well not only from your network
and all the stuff you're brewing but
also your face quite simply So just
being the the the the the main person in
front of this this company I think makes
it meaningf free distinctive because no
one else has your face.
>> Yeah, that's true. That that's a weird
thing for me to articulate cuz like
sometimes we'll be like well how are we
different than so and so if people ask
and I'm kind of like well me I guess I
don't like it's weird for me to say it
but it is like this is this is the
ingredient like the whole marketing
strategy when I learned how to do
marketing which I would say was at was
at drift was like the founders were
wellknown had lots of followers already
had a reputation so I was like oh boom
perfect this is my ingredient like I
think what I love about marketing is
like each company is
Each scenario is different. Everybody
has different budget team availability.
And what's really fun is like
>> you you get to like open the fridge and
you're like all we have is like three
eggs, a onion, and a and a piece of
bread. And like we got to make a decent
meal with it. And that's what's fun to
me. And so it's like sure I've worked at
a company that had a lot of VC money
that had no money. Now I'm doing a
bootstrap. Like this is the fun part
about marketing. It's like oh let's
that's why it's funny cuz you and I like
we give marketing advice for a living.
So I'm going to like [__] on us for for
a second. But it's like there is so much
nuance. It's like okay maybe this
company like everyone's like just hire A
players and it's like well they actually
can't hire A players because like no
one's ever heard of them before. They
have no money so they kind of have to
hire some like C players who could maybe
become A players. So anyway, I love I
love that as a as a differentiator. You
also mentioned um just these little
details like sound like Gary Vee has
been talking about this forever. He
talked this concept of like sonic
branding, which I think is is genius.
And think about it, if you listen to
musicians or podcasts, you know, they
have a certain sound. Like I've been
listening to Tim Ferrris's podcast for
10 years. I could hum to you what his
like intro tune is. And that's now
cemented in my head as as things like we
absolutely should think about these
things in in B2B. And it it goes back to
to scientific facts about the way memory
works, right? It's not because Gary Vee
said it. It's not because of any of
that. It goes back to first principle
foundational scientific stuff. We
remember things better when they tickle
different parts of the brain. And if you
can associate your brain with sound
stuff, visual stuff, character stuff,
that actually is stored in different
parts. So that helps with cognition,
recognition, being noticed, all of that.
I believe that I we had an event couple
months ago. I'm not going to give any
more details of this because I don't
want to expose anybody. But I met a
person
>> I met a person
>> who we've traded messages forever
online, you know, whatever. Great, super
friendly, super kind. I was talking to
this person and they had the worst
breath. The worst breath. And I maybe
it's a medical thing. I don't know. No
disrespect.
Every time I see that every time I see
that person pop up, that's all I can
think of now. That's Louis with the bad
breath. And I'm can't I can't help it.
But that is physically ingrained in my
head. met so you you easy [snorts] yeah
but that's it and and I know that one of
the questions that people are asking
themsel listening to this right now is
how do I get approval from the CEO or
the seuite about this how do we go
meaningfree like they want to play safe
and whatnot and so it's I don't know
what's your advice there I don't want to
you know I I'm actually curious to hear
what you would say to people asking this
>> I think if I think it's like um I've
been I've been thinking about this a lot
lately I've been doing a bunch of calls
with people taking new jobs or founders
or whatever. I think you have to really
be a steward of like the craft of
marketing. And if I just say to you
like, "Hey, I want to do some I want to
change this. I want to make this look
crazy." Then the CEO is going to be
like, "I don't sit. I don't get it." But
if I can actually sit down with you and
be like, "Hey, Lou, can we sit down for
a second? I just want to like I want to
talk about like our competitive
landscape and how people buy and like
how they make decisions." And if you can
talk about it in the framework of like
how we're going to get people to pay
attention to us, then I then I like it.
Right. where where nobody gives you the
chance is if you just kind of do a
one-off thing and you're like, "We want
to try something different." Um, I think
that can be hard. How do you answer
that?
>> Yeah. Uh, like that pretty much. Uh, now
I would add a bit like a couple of
tactical stuff. One thing that I'd like
to advise is to ask for forgiveness and
not permission. So try to like within
your realm of responsibility to try
something a campaign. Let's say you only
run Facebook ads for your company and
you want them to try something
different. Well, run a Facebook ad
campaign with that idea in mind with a
small budget that won't like get you
fired and prove that it's working better
in whatever metrics, right? So, like
prove it. Ask for forgiveness later if
if you didn't have really the permission
to do it. That tends to work well.
Another thing is
>> Yeah. Yeah. If results if you could
blind cover up the the creative and you
just showed like the CEO the results
were they're almost always I've never
met a CEO that that is not interested in
the the the result side of it. Or you
could appeal to their ego and say,
"Well, why don't you create a campaign
or why don't you do the way you think
and I'll do the way I think and compare
results?" That also works. They'll never
do it.
>> Well, and then you say, "Well,
>> it's my job."
>> Something I think about when I go on
LinkedIn as an example is like I see I
don't get why, and I'm sure we do this
too, so you could find our ads and you
can dunk on me for this. So, whatever. I
think a lot of times like why do the ads
look like ads [laughter]
especially in B2B we make these ads that
look like it's so it's like a because of
what you said because of the the root
cause of this was like because it has to
be on brand and so there's this ad in my
LinkedIn feed that basically just looks
like a flyer for the company. It's got
the same font the same logo. It's like
my my brain instantly tunes that out
where did you ever read the Boron
letters Gary Halbert? He has this thing
in the book where he talks about the A
pile and the B pile. Like when you when
you get your mail, when you get your
your pile of mail,
>> you you come home and you know, I got
all this stuff. These are my like bills
and everything. I put these away. I put
these in the side,
>> but then there's one handwritten note
that's clearly like human and there's
kind of smudged in the back. I'm going
to open that one first
cuz it's a handwritten note. This is why
years ago we went to doing plain text
emails and kind of like, you know,
lowercase subject lines. Like, don't you
want your ads to be to stand out? Isn't
that the point? I want to get you to
click on it. What's funny about it is is
how that changes over time. It's like as
more marketers use the same tricks, then
that becomes the norm. And so, the
opposite of that could very well be what
used to not work now works, right? Um,
and it's also I think there's an
argument against it saying like, you
know, a lot of big big big brands keep
growing by just being there, right? like
Coca-Cola, McDonald's, all of that. They
need to stay top of mind. They need to
uh keep their share of voice, share of
market and they need to look like a
extremely successful company that run
ads because running ads people associate
that with success and the fact that oh
they have budget and they're there and
even though we don't necessarily react
to it saying oh I must click on that
link I must do to that page that that
tells me deep down it's it's there right
so I think this argument against not
just going just for that type of ads.
But for small brands,
>> that's probably different though. Like I
think about that when I travel. I go to
the airport and I'm like this whole
terminal is like Cisco, you know? I'm
like who how how do they mention it? But
it's it's exactly your point. That feels
legitimate. If I'm traveling for work
and I'm like damn, Cisco is everywhere.
Like okay, that's a legitimate. And then
when my company's working with them,
that that totally makes sense. Like
>> you don't get fired from hiring IBM as
they say, right?
>> Yeah. Right. I saw Zoho CRM everywhere
in like the Detroit airport and I was
like, "Oh, they must be doing well."
Yeah, but there you go. Exactly. Right.
And that might not be true. Who knows?
Why don't we open package 4? I'm
careful. I'm mindful of the time and I
want to make sure you get to open all of
your little things. If you're listening
to the audio version of this podcast,
I'm just going to describe Dave's face.
Dave is very, very excited.
>> He's very handsome.
>> No, no, I didn't say that. I said he's
very, very excited.
>> Yeah. No, that mean in French that means
handsome. in French diamonds.
>> We're not cutting anything out of the
audio episode because this is going to
get people to watch. This looks like a
uh bat signal. It is a Batman light.
>> Yeah. Okay,
that's it. [laughter] Thanks for coming
on the pod, dude. Yeah, it's great to
see you. That's just that's just for
your for your office or whatever. So,
yeah, it's a it's a real light bat
signal thing. I think it it was handmade
or uh something along those lines. It's
not a a mass-produced thing. Um, and so
one of the other principle I wanted to
talk about
>> what is that supposed to mean? Should I
care about it more? Does that mean we're
supporting some local some local
>> entrepreneur? Uh, whatever it is. Yeah.
Yeah. Exactly. You should care about it
more.
>> Um, so so bad signal. Why why the [__]
did I did I send that to you? I think
the
one thing that keeps coming back when I
work with Oh, for [__] sake. Dave,
>> right? You see that's how excited he is.
Just is is just shaking of excitement
and it just broke the lamp already. And
and the concept of a bad signal is is is
related to point of view. And I know
that a lot of folks hear about this
advice on you must have a point of view
and your company should share a point of
view and that's how you stick out and I
don't like it that much um because I
think it again forgets about the first
principle behind all of it. So, a point
of view is not there to be controversial
for the sake of it. It's not there to be
to to to steer [__] It's not there to
be a contrarian or anything like that. A
point of view is really there to show
your segment, your people, your ICP,
that you're there for them, that you're
there to protect them, earning their
trust. And you do it by talking about
the struggles they face. You do it by
naming the monster or the enemy or
whatever. And you do it in a way that is
consistent everywhere. So that that
creates a sense of coherence and
control. Right? When you share a point
of view throughout everything you do,
people understand why you're here. And I
don't know if you've ever come across
a business or someone on LinkedIn, let's
say, where you're like, what's their
game? Why are they here? What what are
why are they doing this? Right? Like
what what's the deal? Right? uh it's
because they're lacking this kind of
through line, this point of view, this
this bad signal that they should
broadcast uh to the world. Um so that's
why you have the best signal as a light.
Wait, so so you're [clears throat]
saying you don't you should have a point
of view, but the point of the but the
point of having one isn't
for like a for the sake of content. It's
not there for the sake of contradicting
people for the sake of it or just
cheating on a group of people for the
sake of it. A lot of advice around point
of views or narrative is like basically
say the opposite of what others are
saying. And that's not at all what it
should be. It's it's about signaling to
the right people that you're there for
them. You're on their side. And it takes
time. And a lot of people do it very
um without thinking like I mean you're
an example of that with exit 5 like
everything you do is centered around one
thing and you don't do it just to piss
people off or to annoy a group of
people. You do it because nobody uh gets
uh to school uh to study B2B marketing,
right? That's kind of the over
overarching point of view and that
trickles down to every single thing you
do. It's it's actually that so it's a
good observation because something that
I'm trying to I try to edit out a lot or
like I don't want to I think as we've
morphed from like my personal brand to
the company yeah a lot of the way that I
would write online is like it it would
be very polarizing like this is wrong
this is da da da right and I vowed to
basically be like I'm not going to do
that because I I really think everything
can work and so instead our mission as a
company with exit 5 if I was doing solo
consulting Dave I'm trying to get
pipeline for myself like I would take a
different approach but we want to I want
to be a brand that like lifts up
marketers we we we celebrate the craft
and the job of doing marketing and we
are a resource where you can come and
learn and then there's people who
there's people who don't like me for
whatever reason I don't know how you
could not like me that will then
translate I could never follow exit 5
because Dave's full of [__] that that's
totally fine but our content is is meant
to be like designed for you um
>> yes but that's how again Exactly. This
that doesn't prevent you from having
extremely strong point of view because
as you said, you're there to help your
people like B2B marketers to have
thriving careers and and influence the
companies they work for and and that's
why everything you do boils down to
that. But I would disagree with
something you said where you're like,
"Oh, when I post something, I'm like, I
don't like this." I don't see that at
all. like in the way you write um it's
actually quite you do have nuances and
you don't you don't just say this is all
[__] you shouldn't do it you don't so
yeah I would disagree with that that
that that assessment right on on the
point of view thing though don't you
also think I think the other thing is
like this can't be this can't be just a
marketing thing it can't be like
marketing develops a point of view I
think com people that do this really
well it's like the point of view is
actually embedded in the DNA of the
company. Like I'm into these I'm into
the my feet are all messed up because
I've been wearing the bad bad Nikes and
Jordans and shoes my whole life. And so
I got really into like finding a
barefoot the concept of like a barefoot
shoe that kind of spreads out your toes
is better for your feet. And there's
this brand Vivo Barefoot, right?
>> Perfect example of this like that's not
a marketing message. It's their point of
view is literally baked into like how
they build the product and that's where
this can be really powerful. And so if
your your point of view has to be baked
into like yeah we do have a new way of
of doing this and and that's going to be
represented in our marketing. It has to
come from a a place of yeah it's not a
marketing trick. It has to come from a
place of generosity towards the people
you seek to serve. And it's like
processing that vaccinol into the sky
saying hey if you need this if you
struggle with that this is where you can
find us. And there's no trick there.
It's not about being controversial for
the sake of it.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay, Dave is going rogue. Open the
[__] He's just open.
What's the number that you opened? Oh,
do you want me to do this one first? I
don't know. You've already opened the
other one, so go ahead. There's no This
is This one I was worried about. This is
the one I was worried about because you
sent this to my house. This one wasn't
wrapped. I'm like, "Oh shit." Like, is
this is this some Is someone trying to
get me?
>> That's a um a TNT experience. Do you
remember the the Crash Bandicoot?
>> Oh my god, dude. My my kid, we got a we
bought a PlayStation one so he could
play the original Crash Bandicoot and
it's upstairs. The only video game he
likes it. We love We Yes. Yes, I do.
>> That's for him then. So that's a little
clicker like a TNT box clicker. And
that's another principle that
I think is probably the most underlooked
principle in B2B. Uh it's the fact that
people don't buy because they have pain
points. People buy when they experience
a set of triggers that lead them to buy
because you can be in pain quite
literally for years without doing
anything about it. And it's only when
specific triggers happen that you
actually uh do something. So I just
going to give you two examples. I'm
working with a SAS uh at the minute that
sell to manufacturers
and they were struggling with that
concept uh because for them the problem
was they're overwhelmed and they need to
manage their day-to-day better inside
the factory. [snorts] Uh and I argued
that's just common. Everyone suffers
from that problem. How are we going to
reach people when they need what we
offer? uh we discovered through
interviews and stuff that one of the key
reason why people push that TNT trigger
that chemical reaction happens when they
either buy a new factory inside the
group or they get bought or they expand
or they move to a new factory a new site
right so all of those
things that are like uh life-changing
moments where there's a big change
happening the pain is still there but
then they're like okay now that we've
moved to a new site we might as well
take care of this, right? And once you
understand the difference between the
two, I think that's extremely powerful,
right? It's like a TNT thing. The reason
why TNT as the as the gift because crash
could for once, but also because I don't
know if you knew TNT wasn't discovered
as a uh explosive device, explosive
thing first. It was a very stable
compound. I don't remember what it was
for, like for dye, dying colors, stuff
like that. And it's only when it's
actually put under a massive amount of
pressure that it just [__] explode.
So it's the same for people and how they
decide to buy.
>> I thought you just get one of those like
intent signal vendors and they tell you
when this moment is about to happen and
then you just email people and then
boom, you do it.
>> No, you're right. Actually, I'm sorry.
I'm I'm wrong. But you see, that's why
the first principle thinking is so
important. Once you know that that's how
people behave and you can look back at
everything you've bought in the past, I
can guarantee you I'll find at least one
trigger that is unirect uh not directly
related to the pain point or problem.
[snorts] Um once you understand that,
you can then apply the tools on the
inside from 2026 to your stack. So yeah,
at the minute it's all hot like GTM uh
uh signals and whatever. That's the same
principle. That's the same thing, but
they focus on stuff like new role, new
company, whatever. So you so like let's
let's get into a company. We're going to
go work on a new company, a new product
that you know we're going to go help
this company that already exists. Like
the very first thing we're going to do
is like deep research on the customer.
Let's look at the last 50 customers who
have bought and are good fit customers
and let's try to really talk to them and
understand like what was the kind of
inciting incident. What was the thing
that actually led to the purchase and
that's not going to mean we're going to
send some perfectly timed email about it
so we can build an understanding of how
people buy and then where do we need to
show up along that journey. But the
exactly the power of this is not only
just to be oh they change job therefore
we should send them an email. It's about
being there before they even start
thinking about us. It's like if you sell
to factories, if you sell like a SAS to
factories and you know that moving out
or moving in or whatever is a big
trigger, guess what? You create content
about it. You associate yourself with
the theme and the topic of moving in
like preparing the move and whatever.
And then once they are ready, once they
moved in and they look into solution
like yours, they'll think of you first,
right? So that's the beauty of thinking
these ways you can anticipate what's
going to happen next. Once you really
understand triggers, usually like
they're almost always the same once you
start uh identifying looking into
research. Well, what you're talking
about that also makes the case for like
investing in brand and
let's do things to get people to know we
exist before they're ready to buy from
us. And that's why I think a lot of B2B
marketers struggle with the pain point
problem kind of messaging or approach is
because they get stuck there. It's like,
yeah, but what if they don't feel the
pain that much? What if there's no
urgency? Where do you go from there?
Like what do you what are you supposed
to do? Well, you look at trigger events
and you go back into the timeline and
that's when you can build associate
yourself, your brand with key category
entry points or trigger events or
whatever you want to call them. I also
got this
>> 50 lb dumbbell.
>> Oh, well that wasn't part of the thing.
>> This is a bonus. This is a bonus.
>> That's a rogue. That's a vendor who who
decided to like throw things.
>> All right. Trying to tell me something.
This is all right. And then I got the
last one which is what got my face going
because this is I'm going to make it
look like this was a gift to my to my
children and when they come home from
school today, we're going to put this
together cuz we're all in.
>> Do you think that wasn't on purpose? I
mean, do you really think I'm that?
>> No. I know. I know. This is a good move.
Surprise. Marketing principle number 17.
Surprise and delight. Yeah. So, this is
a Lego set. A Harry Potter Lego set. Uh
Harry Potter because I believe your
daughter loves Harry Potter and Lego
because that's one last concept about
it, which is uh you know people for
thinking that if they repeat themselves
too much, they'll bore people out and so
they're always trying to find new ways
to say stuff. And I think the principle
it should be like share one core thing
1,000 different ways uh not 1,000 things
one time, right? And so the Lego set is
kind of this analogy of all those bricks
that are there to kind of build the same
thing and goes back to the point of
view, right? That's what's there's a
real analogy is like we will we will
have fun putting this together, but what
they actually love most is once they
once they put something together, now we
have then eventually everything gets
taken apart. Now we have this massive
bin with all the random pieces and like
my son can play for hours with just all
the random like we got some Sonic the
Hedgehog Legos, we got some Star Wars,
we got some Harry Potter. It's like
putting those all together is what's
fun.
>> Exactly.
>> So I think you
>> The other thing is like I've been
reading a lot of like history, fiction,
historical fiction. It's amazing because
if you just take a step back and like
study history for a little bit, you're
like, "Oh, all this stuff is the same.
It's we're just talking it just it's
just different now." But like I forget
what I was reading. I maybe it was like
a p maybe I was listening to a podcast.
I listen to founders podcast and uh that
that guy David Sen they he was doing I
listened to one about the Red Bull.
Amazing, right? Red Bull's like this
crazy, they made an energy drink and
like now they're like, you know, sending
people out of space and they own an F1
team and all this stuff. It was like,
oh, all the reasons that this guy wanted
to start this company in the 80s or
'90s, whatever. There's so many lessons
that apply to whatever products we're
working on today. Go study history,
study people. I did this whole study on
vibe coding tools and the market about
it like for one company that hired me to
do it and realizing that the history was
repeating itself from the first web uh
builders like Dreamweaver and all of
that that appeared and how Dreamweaver
became very clunky and so therefore
Microsoft front page started to take
over and like it basically the mirror
image of what's happening now faster but
same thing so yes study history and
don't think you're that clever to
actually, you know, do something that
shouldn't really won't follow those
principles. It's like let's just check
our ego at the door and and be a student
of what's happening uh of our customers
of the market.
>> What do you say to what do you say to
someone who would listen to this or or
hear anything about this same in the
same vein that we would talk about and
say, "Yeah, yeah, this is great. I get
it, but like you guys didn't show me any
B2B marketing examples." Why do why are
people why do people obsess over that?
Why do they why do we always have to
know that like Salesforce had this
landing page and it worked really well
and so that like that counts? So why
does that matter?
>> I think it's it's a version of like
risk. It's we don't like risky stuff. We
can remove as much risk as possible from
our decision the better. So asking for
B2B example means
it's way less risky because I know it's
applied to my world and
I don't have to think that much right
don't make me think so but I would say
we shared a lot of B2B example here we
shared talk about hot jar we talk about
the SAS for like the industry we talked
about yeah post talk drift uh gong with
Bruno the bulldog I mean come on you
know you're right Go, go, go, go rewind
this. Um, and what are you up to these
days, sir? Louie launched a YouTube
channel dabbling down on something that
AI can't touch, which is like meeting
people in person and actually doing some
fun marketing work together. So, I
launched a first series about putting
locking three freelancers in a cottage
in Ireland and helping them with their
positioning. That was fun. So, that was
four videos and we are doing another one
pretty soon. I'm going to go to the
house of a SAS founder and just be there
for two or three days, film everything,
help him with his marketing, but also
understand his story behind it. I'm a
big fan of documentaries, man. I love
Louis Tou in particular and like I fancy
myself as someone who who could do a
good job there doing some mix of like
the documentary style with marketing and
advice. And so that's the main thing.
And then the book stand [__] out is
still I send that to everyone who ask
me. I still talk about it all the time.
But that's yeah the YouTube is pretty
much the one thing at the minute that
I'm obsessing about because it's fun.
>> Do you have like a do you have a film
crew in in your area that you trust and
hire or you hire freelancers each time?
>> Um so for for the first time uh the one
in the cottage I hired a uh
videographer. Uh but for the one with
the SAS founder I'm actually going to go
on my own. I have two cameras. I have my
my my gear. And I'm gonna do that
myself. I want it to be intimate. I
don't want it to feel like there's an
entire crew there. And it might [__]
fail, but I'm going to try.
>> What are you going to fil What do you
got? GoPros. You put GoPros around.
>> No. So, I have a DJI handheld camera and
then I have a Sony uh thingy. I have
like the wireless microphone. I have a
shotgun microphone. I have mounting
gears. I have everything I need.
>> Okay. Louie Louie on LinkedIn. It's
Louis Frenchie Gier.
That's it.
>> Check him out. Stand the Stan the [__]
out. Um I love this topic, man. I We We
should do I'm I'm happy to do more of
it. I If I could be an advocate for one
thing, it would be this this type of
stuff. So, if you if you got if you like
this hour with Louie, I want to hear
your feedback directly. email me
dave@exit55.com
or go to Louis LinkedIn and send him a
message cuz I I think we can do a good
job of advocating like I understand a
lot of the tactical stuff matters but I
want to get more people to think are you
a fan of you know Harry Dry
>> a little bit
>> a little bit smart
>> he's a good friend of mine yeah
>> he okay yeah you guys are similar he
told me he told me but um he he spoke at
drive this year and and it was great and
it was one of the most well-received
sessions because it was exactly this and
I I saw a guy in the lunchroom after and
he was like, "Man, that talk was that
talk with Harry like reminded me why I
love marketing and I feel the same way
when I when I talk to you. This is it's
not about this like, you know, ABM data
provider use case and here's what you
can do." It's like I like talking about
this stuff and um it's fun. I've been
looking forward to this. I got a whole
mess of of presence and stuff and so you
should go go to it's it's my YouTube
YouTube channel. It's Hey Dave Ghart or
just search Dave Ghart YouTube or exit 5
Dave Ghart. We'll have this up here. can
see. And um I don't know, maybe I'm just
going to take the rest of the day off
and I'll I'll get this Harry Potter
thing set up before my kids come home
from school.
>> Can I add two things very briefly?
So, thanks for for for today. It's quite
fun. The first time we talked, the first
time I interviewed you on my now dead
podcast, everyone has marketers was nine
years ago, man. Just to let you know.
Nine [__] years ago.
>> So, that was 20 2016.
>> 2017 you were just starting at Drift.
>> Oh my god. If I not mistaken,
>> I'm going to throw up cuz my daughter
was just born now. She's like
>> I know it's weird. It's [__] weird.
So, one thing, don't do take any
symptoms relating to your bowel
seriously. Don't be ashamed of it. They
see way worse. So, blood in stew, uh ch
massive changes in bowel movement,
tiredness, a lot of stuff like that.
It's unlikely that you have it, but do
[__] take it seriously. And then the
last thing is
>> amen. The fun thing about the concept
and the first principle we talked about
is whatever happens in your career or
entrepreneurial life, you will stand
back up, right? If you fall, you will
stand back up because you have those
principles, foundations to lean on. And
so whatever happens, new AI [__]
whatever, you will feel in control. And
that's a nice feeling when you're in
marketing.
>> That's a good message because it's it's
hard. I feel like I have these skills
and I have constant FOMO. Like my new
thing lately is like, dude, everyone's
talking about cloud code and I don't
even know how to write a single line of
code. Like, am I am I toast? Is this it?
Am I going to go into business?
>> Yeah, you're fired. You're fired. But
that's why exactly why I'm saying it
because you're not alone. I'm not like
everyone feels this way. And it's just
like like to to to ease up your nervous
system to say you will figure [__] out
if you have those foundations. You will
figure [__] out. You will. No problem.
All right, Louie. Great to see you, my
friend. [music] Likewise. I'm going to
get you to Vermont in September. You'll
be here. We'll figure it out. We have a
problem with that. Okay. Talk about it
later.
>> [music]